kiss is try sick at creating a home
video this is the back of my house I
live in Denver Colorado on a very small
city lot this is my garage that my
husband and I are going to convert into
a ceramic / art studio for myself I
currently work out of my basement in our
house and have not been able to do my
ceramics there because the materials are
not safe to use in a living space so you
can see we've been using our garage as a
storage facility of the items that we
have our junk is piled practically to
the rafters behind this pile you'll find
an upright piano a double bed and a
1950s era stove over here a pile of junk
- so on Craigslist my Kim assorted tools
and then if we pan over here you'll see
my wheel and a table and some boards set
up so that I can actually throw on nice
days if it gets below 40 to 50 degrees
it's really not comfortable to be out
here right now over here you'll find
behind an assortment of sporting
equipment boxes and boxes of slides from
when I was a child growing up and then
also some belonging to my grandparents I
probably have 15 or 20 boxes lucky for
me I just got a slide scanner so I'm
going to archive all these two discs and
then share them with my brother
sister-in-law and my mother
if we pan over here you can see just
more junk I have my work cut out for me
ladies and gentlemen I've been throwing
and firing my ceramic we're at the Art
Students League in Denver and I hope to
be able to move into my new space and be
fully functional by this summer what do
you think ladies and gentlemen can it be
done that remains to be seen
thanks for coming along with me